# VBA-challenge
Module 2 Challenge

In this activity, I created variables for each of the relevant pieces of information, including:
    stock_name
    stock_open
    stock_close
    quarterly_change
    stock_volume

Eventually, the next steps were included in a for loop to iterate through each of the sheets in the worksheet. Within this loop

    I created a variable to keep track of which row I was at in the summary table.
    I also created a variable to store the last row of data in the sheet.
    I set the titles in the header row of the summary table.
    Then I went through the table, checking to see if I was in the first row of a stock, the last row of a stock, or any other row of a stock.
        If I was in the first row of a stock, I stored the name of the stock (and added it to the summary table), opening stock price, and added the stock volume to the previous stock volume which is 0.
        If I was in the last row of a stock, I stored the closing stock price and added the stock volume to the previous stock volume. I then used the opening and closing stock price to find the change in the stock price and percentage change. The change, percentage change, and stock volume were then sent to the summary table.
        If I was in any other row of a stock, I added the stock volume to the previous sum of the stock volume.
    Finally, I created the table to show the greatest % increase, decrease, and greatest total volume. I used loops to go through and identify each of those statistics. I used the final values along with the header and row labels to create the table.

The results of the analysis are shown in the images provided below.

All data was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC.